me too why what's going on everybody
shout my my buddy Dave over here what's
up Dave are you doing first of all happy
Chinese New Year everybody this we are
in Sunset Park Brooklyn which has just
got like this crazy amazing Chinese New
Year parade going on it's so cool over
here and what we're gonna do guys today
Dave and a couple other really nice
people have been teaching me this
amazing language called foo Joanie's I
don't know if you guys have ever heard
of that but it's actually a really rare
Chinese dialect of the 1.4 billion
people in China only about ten million
people speak it mostly located in the
city of pooja however New York City
particularly this area of Brooklyn has a
lot of people who speak food Joanie's so
over the past week or so Dave and a
couple of the nice people have been
teaching me some of this
Fujio news which is really cool language
and it's got like really great culture
and food so we're gonna go test it out
today and I'm a little bit nervous
because I don't know you know I speak
Mandarin but food Joanie's is like a
totally different language it's like
Spanish versus like French I'm kinda
nervous this is actually my first time
gonna be using food your knees in the
wild so we would show up on Julian hey
ho oh my god
also wanted to quickly thank the sponsor
of today's video which is a really cool
company called expressvpn and even
before sponsorship I've actually been a
longtime customer of expressvpn myself
if you don't know what a VPN is it's
basically a really awesome way to make
sure you have a secure and private
connection whenever you use the Internet
so that governments corporation Packers
can't you know spy and what you're doing
yeah you know what you don't want that
it's not good right you know for example
like your ISP can keep logs or whatever
you look for on the Internet and if
you're using public Wi-Fi and like a
cafe or something like that any old
random hacker can actually snoop in and
see whatever you're doing and like steal
your financial information it's actually
really easy to do if you're not on
unencrypted connection certain countries
around the world will censor Internet
access
I can just turn on the expressvpn app
and I can switch my location to another
area where the Internet is not censored
with streaming services if a particular
movie or app is not available in your
country you can switch your location on
expressvpn to another country you can go
to its Christie PN comm / Shou my NYC to
get a free three month trial and check
that out let's get on to the video I'm
feeling a little bit hungry
[Music]
oh man I'm addicted to this firecracker
stuff we got to get some more
firecrackers guys hello
how much how much of these one dollar
for four Wow okay and then this one two
four two four three dollars
do what you wanna make on it would you
all know they'd go oh I bake on they'll
quit oh I do do I long II someone Oh
Naomi I'm Jeanie ho ho leaving you with
me okay we are we would imagine okay
he questioned any questions shall I uh
yeah let's light some fireworks baby oh
how do you say I need a lighter Nick we
Wow look at this guy's
knowing food your knees in Chinatown get
you stuff for free
[Music]
NUMA by detail Gartner you know but is
he a gardener
did you dinner oh oh oh say laughter I
said yeah oh gotta get some fruits
though gotta get some fruits of am love
enough fruits get some nutrition oh we
got some I got some good ones over here
yeah these are huge grades what are what
are what are those the yellow ones
dragon that's dragon fruit the yeah oh I
didn't know there was a yellow dragon
fruit how do you say oranges God knew
who'd you are my big Wang if would you
I'm a big ol but you are would you I
don't think oh but you are you would you
um pick on me oh na koi you know oh boy
a pitcher naw juicers or her
say about that's our agenda MA not quite
oh okay my Obama okay
[Music]
take it to the house sure MA
oh yeah it's wine Oh what she wants
funny I may want you hey geo you found
challah
oh yeah yeah thank you thank you
oh hi hi ha ha ha ha ha oh this way oh
we would eat home way or did we or did
honk we only talk all right let's get
some candy and um give me a little uh do
you like candy this there's a guy here
that I know this guy has like
traditional food your knees candies
sugar we met home hi 1 1
yeah what do you want one sure okay
chick well - - hmm okay
new whoo - omnigul look at you would you
I'm a bagel but you good right photo ID
okay Oh
Diggy yo hey now quiet quiet quiet
oh yeah Carl okay No
not not alright wait increasing fighting
Oh we not only can you not only can Wow
dude you know what you know what school
you know it's interesting I've actually
got I don't he didn't remember me but I
got him for Mandarin what we bought we
bought stuff from Mandarin with him last
time and he thought it was cool that we
spoke Mandarin and he didn't remember us
this time but we got we bought him
Bhutanese this time and he was so
psyched that was amazing dude like that
I feel like the energy that you get from
people when you can speak like they're
really like true you know native
language it's really amazing they start
opening up yeah it's so beautiful is
it's a beautiful feeling this is why you
guys gotta learn languages just Chinese
or any other language you want to learn
like if you can really learn it you got
to connect with people and their culture
in such a more you know interesting way
and really make amazing connection oh
it's windy oh that's a big one wow this
is this is a big one yeah oh wow it's
like so there's so many fireworks
outside today okay hmm how about fire oh
I knew you won't get oh man
you one down there you want it up you
don't matter
yeah you want it on man Oh
Navi assure my machines like you need oh
okay um you any fireworks will mention
what Jimmy said you should change here
don't shoot any audio okay how do I get
off early
Isis any man
you were saying it right yes just like
as a simple court cot in the context
didn't it didn't make sense